Using SUM, MAX, MIN, AVERAGE in Excel is easy! Here's a quick guide to help you:
 
Start typing sum and then click on the appropriate function for example SUM.
 
SUM will add up the selected data for you.
 
Don't try to merge text with sum, it only works with numbers.
 
Hold down CTRL when you want to select your data.
 
it's much easier this way.
 
Now try MIN and MAX.
 
MIN will show you the least number.
 
do it like you did with sum.
 
And MAX will be the same but is shows the highest number.
 
Try a more intersting one AVERAGE, its not working with text as well.
 
Try with numbers it will show obviusly the average of the selected numbers, dont forget to hold CTRL.



Excel’s IF and COUNTIF functions are two of the most commonly used tools for data analysis. Here's a simple explanation of what they do and how to use them.
 
Start writing if, first you have to make a logical test, for example your selected data higher than 5000.
 
If the test is true we have to add the true value which will be Success and if the test is false then add lost.
 
The if statement automatically decides whether a number is greater or less than our value and outputs it.
 
Then hold the corner and everything will be ready.
 
After this we can use it in a new function.
 
Start type COUNT IF. 
 
We need to enter what we want to count between the quotation marks.
 
With this we will count how many times of the week we had success.



What is Microsoft Word?
Microsoft Word is a word processing program used to create documents like letters, reports, resumes, and more.
 
Typing and Formatting Text
Type your text directly into the document.
 
Use the Home tab to:
 
Change font (Arial, Times New Roman or anything you like).
 
Bold, Italic, or Underline are the easiest  and most used font formating type.
 
Change text color or change the color behind the text.
 
You can move the text whereever you want to
 
Adjust size (12pt, 14pt or even higher).
 
You can place the a title or a new chapter of a book in the middle which separates the text.
 
If you dont need something use strikethrough in the text.


In Microsoft Word, "lists" usually refer to bullet points, numbered lists, or multilevel lists. Here's how to use them:
 
Microsoft Word offers powerful list features to help organize information clearly and effectively. Lists are commonly used in documents like reports, to-do lists, resumes, and manuals. The three main types are bulleted lists, numbered lists, and multilevel lists.
 
Bulleted lists are used when the order of items doesn’t matter. They help group related points or ideas, making content easier to read and scan.
 
Numbered lists are ideal when items need to appear in a specific sequence or order. They are used to show steps, priorities, or rankings.
 
Make boxes to mark the impartant content of the text.
 
Benefits of Using Lists.
Improve readability.
 
Create structure and organization.
 
Emphasize key points.
 
Save time formatting manually.




Microsoft PowerPoint is a presentation software that allows users to create visually engaging slideshows for a variety of purposes—such as business meetings, school projects, training sessions, and more. It's a core part of the Microsoft Office suite and is widely used for both professional and personal presentations.
 
Change font (Arial, Times New Roman or anything you like). 
Bold, Italic, or Underline are the easiest  and most used font formating type. 
 
Change text color or change the color behind the text. 
You can move the text whereever you want to 
Adjust size (12pt, 14pt or even higher). 
 
Common Uses of PowerPoint.
Business presentations,
 
Classroom lectures and student projects,
 
Marketing pitches,
 
Product demonstrations,
 
Event announcements,
 
Or Power point will automatically create you a new a design on the right side of the screen if you dont have any idea how to present your work.
 
 
But if you really want to make it yours add tables or more importantly add your favourite images.
 
I am gonna add my favorite which is kocka istván.



First you have to select your favorite 
character of all. Mine is Kocka István.
 
Then select which animation fits the best. I m gonna choose fly in for the first one.
 
Then click the next icon you want to be animated.  I m choosing fade for this.
 
For the cube i selected the bounce effect.
 
The wind wheel made me think which should i choose but in the end zoom was the one.
 
Animations help grab attention, emphasize key points, and make your presentation more engaging and this is one of the most important thing is to make your work your own.

